docs: improve page components structure (#2968)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-components.mdx

npm --save install react react-dom react-intl
```

> # Page components

Author: This is the new intro section

Custom Applications typically consist of a variety of pages with different hierarchical levels. For example, a page to show a list of products, followed by a detail page to see the product's details.

Moreover, pages with similar hierarchical levels might need to fulfill different requirements. For example a detail page with or without a form, or a page with tabs.

We provide several components that cover the most common use cases. We recommend using them wherever possible to ensure visual consistency and reduce development efforts.

We identified 3 groups of components:

* `Info`
* `Form` / `CustomForm`
* `Tabular`

Additionally, we identified 4 hierarchical levels:

* `Main`
* `Detail`
* `Modal`
* `Dialog`

> # Components for main pages

Author: New main sections to group the components

> The following page components should be used in the landing pages of the Custom Application that hierarchically don't have any parent page. For example, for a products application the main page can show a list of products.

Author: Plural, there can be multiple entry points in an application. Thanks for double checking.

| `hideControls`                  | `boolean`                       |    -     | `false`                  | Hides the form controls.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

### Static properties

* Page Header title

  Pre-configured page header title component to use as part of a custom title row.

  ```js
  FormMainPage.PageHeaderTitle = PageHeaderTitle;
  ```

* `FormMainPage.Intl`

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.

>   The Intl messages can for instance be used for button labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Intl messages can, for instance, be used for button labels.
```

## CustomFormMainPage

<Playground urlPath="custom-form-main-page" />

> Custom Form Main page is a variation of the `<FormMainPage>` that allow passing custom control elements via formControls. This is useful in case the main page needs different control elements than the default ones (primary and secondary button).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Form Main page is a variation of the `<FormMainPage>` that allows passing custom control elements via formControls. This is useful in case the main page needs different control elements than the default ones (primary and secondary buttons).
```

| `hideControls`                  | `boolean`                       |    -     | `false`                  | Hides the form controls.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

### Static properties

* Form Control Buttons

>   Pre-configured form control buttons to easily re-use them in the custom controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pre-configured form control buttons to reuse in custom controls.
```

  ```js
  CustomFormMainPage.FormPrimaryButton = FormPrimaryButton;
  CustomFormMainPage.FormSecondaryButton = FormSecondaryButton;
  CustomFormMainPage.FormDeleteButton = FormDeleteButton;
  ```

* Page Header title

  Pre-configured page header title component to use as part of a custom title row.

  ```js
  CustomFormMainPage.PageHeaderTitle = PageHeaderTitle;
  ```

* `CustomFormMainPage.Intl`

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.

>   The Intl messages can for instance be used for button labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Intl messages can, for instance, be used for button labels.
```

## TabularMainPage

<Playground urlPath="tabular-main-page" />

Tabular Main pages are controlled components used to render a page with navigational controls and route-driven content using Tabs. The layout is similar to `TabularModalPage` but is not rendered as a modal.

Tabs must be rendered using the `<TabHeader>` component via the `tabControls` prop. A `<TabHeader>` is rendered as a link and it assumes the "tab content" is controlled and rendered using `<Route>` components.

> The `<TabularMainPage>` is supposed to be used in one of the main application landing pages, as the top level component page. From a hierarchy point of view, there should be no parent pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<TabularMainPage>` is supposed to be used in one of the main application landing pages, as the top-level component page. The page should have no parent pages in the hierarchy.
```

### Static properties

* Form Control Buttons

  Pre-configured form control buttons to easily re-use them in the custom controls.

  ```js
  TabularMainPage.FormPrimaryButton = FormPrimaryButton;
  TabularMainPage.FormSecondaryButton = FormSecondaryButton;
  TabularMainPage.FormDeleteButton = FormDeleteButton;
  ```
* Page Header title

  Pre-configured page header title component to use as part of a custom title row.

  ```js
  TabularMainPage.PageHeaderTitle = PageHeaderTitle;
  ```

* `TabularMainPage.Intl`

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.

>   The Intl messages can for instance be used for button labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Intl messages can, for instance, be used for button labels.
```

> # Components (detail pages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Components for detail pages
```

> The following page components should be used in the pages of the Custom Application that show data of a specific resource. Hierarchically the parent page should be the main page. For example, for a products application the detail page shows the product's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following page components should be used in the pages of the Custom Application that show data of a specific resource. Hierarchically, the parent page should be the main page. For example, for a Custom Application for products, the detail page shows the product's data.
```

  />
  ```

## TabularDetailPage

<Playground urlPath="tabular-detail-page" />

Tabular Detail pages are controlled components used to render a page with navigational controls and route-driven content using Tabs. The layout is similar to `TabularModalPage` but is not rendered as a modal.

Tabs must be rendered using the `<TabHeader>` component via the `tabControls` prop. A `<TabHeader>` is rendered as a link and it assumes the "tab content" is controlled and rendered using `<Route>` components.

> The `<TabularDetailPage>` is supposed to be used as a direct child of one of the main pages. Typically it's used as a detail page with multiple sub-pages (tabs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<TabularDetailPage>` should be used as a direct child of one of the main pages. Typically it's used as a detail page with multiple sub-pages (tabs).
```

> The layout of this page can be recognized by the gray background header and the white content background. A back link in the header section is also required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout of this page can be recognized by the gray background header and the white content background. A backlink in the header section is also required.
```

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.
  The Intl messages can for instance be used for button labels.

> # Components (modal pages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Components for modal pages
```

> The following page components should be used in nested pages of the Custom Application. Hierarchically the parent page should be the detail page. For example, for a products application the modal page shows the product's variants data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following page components should be used in nested pages of the Custom Application. Hierarchically, the parent page should be the detail page. For example, for a Custom Application for products, the modal page shows the product's variants data.
```

* [InfoModalPage](#infomodalpage)
* [FormModalPage](#formmodalpage)
* [CustomFormModalPage](#customformmodalpage)
* [TabularModalPage](#tabularmodalpage)

## InfoModalPage

<Playground urlPath="info-modal-page" />

> Info Modal pages are controlled components used to render a page using a modal container, which makes it appear on top of the normal page. This is useful to render detailed data that normally requires some space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Info Modal pages are controlled components used to render a page using a modal container, which makes it appear on top of the regular page. This is useful to render detailed data that requires some space.
```

| `afterOpenStyles`         | `string` or `object`  |    -  | -                        | Overwrite the default styles of `afterOpen`. You can pass a "class name" or a CSS-in-JS style object. This should be used only in cases the default styles are causing some layout issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

## FormModalPage

<Playground urlPath="form-modal-page" />

> Form Modal pages are controlled components used to render a page with a form or something that requires user input, similar to `InfoModalPage` but semantically with a different role. The header includes buttons to control the submission or cancellation of the form. These buttons can be overwritten with custom controls by using the `<CustomFormModalPage>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form Modal pages are controlled components used to render a page with a form or something that requires user input. It is similar to `InfoModalPage` but has a semantically different role. The header includes buttons to control the submission or cancellation of the form. These buttons can be overwritten with custom controls by using the `<CustomFormModalPage>` component.
```

| `afterOpenStyles`               | `string` or `object`       |    -     | -                        | Overwrite the default styles of `afterOpen`. You can pass a "class name" or a CSS-in-JS style object. This should be used only in cases the default styles are causing some layout issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

### Static properties

* Form Control Buttons

>   Pre-configured form control buttons to easily re-use them in the custom controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pre-configured form control buttons to reuse in custom controls.
```

  ```js
  TabularModalPage.FormPrimaryButton = FormPrimaryButton;
  TabularModalPage.FormSecondaryButton = FormSecondaryButton;
  TabularModalPage.FormDeleteButton = FormDeleteButton;
  ```

* `TabularModalPage.Intl`

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.
  The Intl messages can be used for button labels.

  ```jsx
  <TabularModalPage
    // other props...
    formControls={
      <TabularModalPage.FormSecondaryButton
        // other props...
        label={TabularModalPage.Intl.revert}
      />
    }
  />
  ```

> # Components (dialogs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Components for dialogs
```

> The following page components can be used in any page of the Custom Application. For example, showing a confirmation dialog before performing an important action, or showing additional information as an info box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following page components can be used on any page of the Custom Application. For example, showing a confirmation dialog before performing an important action, or showing additional information as an info box.
```

| `getParentSelector`             | `function`                 |    -     | -                 | -         | The function should return an HTML element that will be used as the parent container to hold the modal DOM tree. If no function is provided, it's expected that an HTML element with the `id="parent-container"` is present in the DOM. In the `NODE_ENV=test` environment, the default HTML element is `body`. |

### Static properties

* `ConfirmationDialog.Intl`

  This is a convenience proxy export to expose pre-defined Intl messages defined in the `@commercetools-frontend/i18n` package.
  The Intl messages can be used for button labels.

  ```jsx
  <ConfirmationDialog
    // other props...
    labelSecondary={ConfirmationDialog.Intl.revert}
  />
  ```

## FormDialog

<Playground urlPath="form-dialog" />

> Form dialogs are controlled components used to render a form or something that requires user input. They are very similar to Confirmation dialogs but semantically they fulfill a different role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form dialogs are controlled components used to render a form or something that requires user input. They are similar to Confirmation dialogs but fulfill a different role semantically.
```
